what's up everyone in this disappearance
video i'ma show everyone how to make an
effective use of the gas mask lastly
because there is awkward times with gas
masks
put it back take it off and then wait I
mean the character normally has around
30 seconds or 5 ammonia 15 what are we
gonna go take back and 30 seconds the
fan we're going to put it back on one
second
take it back all this way it resets the
timer reset the timer counter to another
one time guys so we take it back off and
then it resets the time we game giving
magician 13 seconds
had no options filters saw the stomach
therefore to do that put it back on
it gives them 30 seconds and you play
around the game new monsters help mask
on you guys can see running in full
minute turn 29 seconds this is an easy
easy option FM to replace
to replace the filters immunity begun
forming little again and you need to
continue this one receptor field chamber
so thanks for watching this helped
please rate and comment below as well so
thank you